very good everyone welcome to a new
video on this occasion then on the
celebration of the lunar delight that is a
date that usually is usually
celebrate in the justice camps of the
league of legends and I think I remember if not
I remember badly that it has something to do with
the chinese new year or so do not make me
very much, but I think it has something
see with that and well let's see then in
what is this year based on that of the
Reading terminal is a test
time in which then you can win
free icons will also be like
aspects of guardians aspects of
champions etcetera etcetera
except so let's see it all a
little bit above and explain some
points that you think interesting
well here you see also also in January
text etcetera we are not going to give much
case we're just going to go to the second
point that would be this choose your way or
well what is this
here as you can see we can choose three
icons in the cone of power the truth
and that of freedom and more or less makes you
a summary birria
what is each icon more or less about
you can do a whim and here then
We can login to vote for
what is this for what the fuck are we?
matter we vote this garbage the
vote ends on February 11 as well
If you want to vote for André with an eye
simply this is a vote that is
does for the servers that is to say is
something personal about you but you go around and
what else the server votes in my case
for Eastern Europe and then as the
final will be the icon that they give you is to say
If everything is decided to vote for power
then when the voting ends
will most likely give your icon
power but if they vote freedom then
freedom if you vote true then truth what
that more what the server so it's something
that you contribute a little your vote but
will really win the most
let's continue with the third point which is
the way of the warrior and these are the
icons that we can get in this
period of time of lunar delight are
four icons and you are watching them and
we can follow and each one doing
different things first of all the
first icon that would be this the fan
that you see up here the only thing that
we have to do is it is simply
win a match match
during the duration of the internal
so you do not have much heading
we specify so I understand that it is
anyone we win and we have the
first icon the second icon
it's just that we fight in two
match matches in the crack
of invoker here follows a little more
Attentive you do not have to earn simply that
play a couple of games with him in
the map of the summoner's crack and
we will get the second icon which is
flame kingdoms faced tc the icon
it's already to play as a team ie
you have to invite someone because you
says use your help
companions and the only thing that has to
do
play two games either in the forest
twisted the glass scar during
The festival is planto weeks
last the temita this the light
leonard then played a couple of games
in the forest or the scar what
prefer jce and you will get what you
icon called a target moon
they have made an icon for each skin that goes
to take out here you see it and finally that is
also a team icon that is called
fight for the freedom of zero ctz 3 that
play with your two partners
matching matches and this one would be
in right now of the laments and say
a great one and I would get out with no
knock down and tear it down with the
dragon these are the four icons that
we can get as you see are pretty
easy you do not need to pay any kind of
risk in making gifts gifts friends
which is what we are used to
in Christmas times and the whole subject this
it's totally free and we're going to go through
another point
we come to the point of the aspects each
icon as we have said make reference
one aspect and here we have put the
we just have up on dragon's sheet
we have a diana lunar goddess that you see
and here we have 30,000 kingdoms
confronted if we want to see then
we will return here to the play and mediamos a
little what each aspect does but
as it is the case, yes, because he wants
Curious to be curious
look for more information
then they will also draw some aspects
umbrella that this I suppose since yes
that will cost little money
immediately from riet coins since
we have then those of 2003 and since 2014
basically they are pretty similar and
I really do not think I'll waste even a
just hard to buy such atrocity
in sight because there's a lot of respect already
to water if I do not think it's the
yours and they are free because box or by
of course we will use it but if you are
of paying personally I'm not going to
spend not one euro in on this one in these
aspects and finally the only thing we see
since they are the typical ones asking what
is that I told you you walk that you
explain that you see for the subject of
servers and so on and so forth and so on
here we see more things
but let's go little more than comment
the aspects of the icons sorry that
say yes no
when you finish the game then you have
than wait for a period of three days
maximum at which they will begin to assign
the icons depends on the game mode that
you have played the whole subject and nothing
put more than add I hope that you
everything is more or less clear
referring to the front nar if you have
Do you have any questions?
you can leave a comment
you know we started the video with a
I like it and if you do not want to realize them
you see him fuck so it's all a
greeting and until next time